all these vibrant colors
so sexy there's so much
yes
yellow
the last plane
a
black ray ground and a little make sure
Thomas passes
over their body they get graphic
I've had it slow but don't be crazy
it's hard to get
hi ladies a sapphire coming to you from
sister circle and ladies we have to do
better with we have to do better with
getting ourselves pampered in the
morning it's essential for you for the
world you want to make yourself look
good and he was just a couple of tips on
how you can make you look beautiful in
the morning first start off with a
little bit of lip color just a little
bit you need to do this every morning
though to make sure that you look
fabulous and people are attracted to
your lips when you talk so make sure you
just add a little bit of color and
whatever color is right for you you also
want to put on just a little bit of
blush just a little bit get those cheeks
you want to smile get the cheek and also
on the other side as well and I guess
you have to do is every single morning
just for you to look beautiful for you
also you want to put a little eye makeup
as well it always adds to your face and
it's wonderful when people look at you
and do the same thing to the other as
well and make sure ladies that you're
always concerned about your hair you
don't wanna go outside faces beautiful
outfit is wonderful and then the hair's
messed up since I sapphire coming to you
from sister circle thanks
contrary to popular belief women are
their masters and various creatures on
the planet and Sam and what is a picture
of the question no I hearing them signal
something that looks like something
deeper and flushed baby let's take a
look that's just totally unacceptable
isn't it and you have to wonder where is
that chick what the hell does our undies
look like today right and they come drop
a couple kids the pool and go about
their way Marilyn shopping your
husband's credit all we need me a woman
like me it's going to always take note
chicks like you that do things like this
to the band so they clone drop all your
kids off at the pool before you go and
have your look at okay gotcha
you
hey you guys this is bishop i'm here on
sister circle and first I want to say
thank you to all of the ladies for
allowing me to guest on sister circle
and one of the first things I did today
was take a trip to cherry hill mall I
hadn't been here in a while and I heard
you guys had had all these renovations
done but I wanted to see the best that
the mall had to offer and in order to
know exactly what the mall has to offer
one has to visit the most frequently
visited location in the mall to see how
the ladies of Jersey actually live and
that's when I went to the ladies
restroom and you know I just want to say
that women contrary to what anything you
know that men may believe women are some
of the nastiest humans on this earth and
you would think how could you possibly
be nastier than a man then I would say
you probably never been in a public
women's restroom today we went in and
pretty much saw the equivalent of looks
like someone's ass threw up in the
toilet it was ridiculous you it's
sometimes I've seen things in stalls
where I looked for a baby a small fetus
wondering where is it someone had to
have given life at him it's impossible
to do something like this and not have
given life but ladies don't care and
even when i checked out the bathroom
today there were a couple of sets of
chicks in there doing rapid flush it
after flush after flush after flush I
knew what they were doing but the
question it left me with was I bet you
knew you had to go number two before you
left to go to the mall so what kind of
lady waits until she gets to the mall to
decide to desecrate the bathroom guys
stay out of Jersey these chicks are a
little more progressive with their
bottoms that I would like them to be and
I think you do yourself a service I
staying away from Jersey chicks their
frequent public restrooms okay remember
the tip fellas I'm gonna save a lot of
lives tonight have a good day folks
you